EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/breadcrumbs/breadcrumbs_faq.md

Please check the routing.yml.

> The `RoutesBreadcrumbsGenerator` need at least the parameter `breadcrumb_path`. This parameter usually contains the key of the current routing definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RoutesBreadcrumbsGenerator` needs the `breadcrumb_path` parameter. This parameter usually contains the key of the current routing definition.
```

Possibilities:

> - The `breadcrumb` block of the `pagelayout.html.twig` template was overridden by the currently displayed, extending template with empty content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `breadcrumb` block of the `pagelayout.html.twig` template was overridden by the currently displayed one, extending template with empty content.
```

- The matched generator encountered an error and didn't render the breadcrumbs
- Very unlikely but not impossible: No generator matched at all.
In the standard setup, the lowest priority `RoutesBreadcrumbsGenerator` checks the active Router service to match the active Request service. That should always be the case.

## How can breadcrumbs be limited to subtrees in sub-shops?

> The parameter `content.tree_root.location_id` is used to limit the sub-shops to their subtrees (contains Location ID of the desired catalog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `content.tree_root.location_id` parameter is used to limit the sub-shops to their subtrees (contains Location ID of the desired catalog).
```

            }
```

## What is the purpose of the additional data stored in `translationParameters`?

> This data can be used for example to define if a breadcrumb of a Location should be clickable or hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This data can be used to define if a breadcrumb of a Location should be clickable or hidden.
```

> The following example makes breadcrumbs bold and not clickable (if `crumb.translationParameters.type == 'catalog'`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example changes the breadcrumbs to not clickable bold text (if `crumb.translationParameters.type == 'catalog'`):
```
